Document todos for new maintainers (#315)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/dev/src/maintenance/taking-over/README.md

This is the preferred option, as all repository configurations as well as the history of issues and pull requests remain intact.

### 2. Fork the repository

If you cannot find someone to give you administrative rights to the repository, you can fork it, i.e., make a copy of the original repository and host it on a coding platform under your own or your organization's account.
A fork will give you complete control over the repository, but you will lose the issue and pull request history.

## Update maintainer information

Update the maintainer information in the relevant places:

- The *Maintainer* section in `README.md` (part of the *Team* section). You may also choose to update the *Core contributors* section.
- The list of contributors in `README.md`. List yourself for maintenance.
- When you have fulfilled the authorship requirements for Hexatomic, also add yourself as an author to the citation metadata in `CITATION.cff`. This is a software citation metadata file. You can read about its format in the [Citation File Format documentation](https://citation-file-format.github.io/).

## Update public information about code reviews

> The contribution guidelines in `CONTRIBUTING.md` contain information on when code reviews are likely to be performed. Change the information there as appropriate, e.g., update the timezone.

Reviewer: Spelling
```suggestion
The contribution guidelines in `CONTRIBUTING.md` contain information on when code reviews are likely to be performed. Change the information there as appropriate, e.g., update the time zone.
```

## Get ready for maintenance

- Read through the maintenance documentation.
- Check, update or newly set up the necessary services in the repository that you will need for maintenance: a [continuous integration service](../continuous-integration/), [static code analysis](../continuous-integration/#static-code-analysis), [issue and pull request templates](../repository/templates.md), etc.

## Set up your local system to prepare for maintenance

Follow the [development setup documentation](../../development/setup.md) to set up your local system and get ready for maintenance work on the codebase.

## Test the state of Hexatomic

Check if the [build](../../development/getting-the-source-code.md#build-hexatomic-locally) runs, and fix any issues that you encounter.

## Maintain open contributions

Check if there are any open pull requests for Hexatomic in the original repository.

> If you are working in a fork, consider gettin in touch with the authors of the open pull requests and ask them to put them up again against your fork.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
If you are working in a fork, consider getting in touch with the authors of the open pull requests and ask them to put them up again against your fork.
```
